OK, so first you're going to be
seeing a complex scene, so.
Imagine you are describing the
scene to someone who cannot see
the picture. Describe what is
happening and what you see in
this scene as thoroughly as
possible, and try to take
roughly 3 to 5 minutes to
describe the scene and I'm going
to share.
OK, there we go.
OK, there we go. And I also I
keep a timer and I keep track of
the time. So if you want to know
how long it's been or?
Um, you could just ask me. And
so this is the scene. So just
describe what you see happening
in the scene.
#START_by_the_lake The scene is
a large busy community, either
lake or somewhat of a body of
water.
That is very crowded. There is
beach volleyball, there is
canoeing, there's paddle
boarding. There is.
Paddle boating.
People are swimming, people are
playful.
People are playing beach
volleyball with lots of of men
and women on different teams.
Someone flying a kite.
People are laying out on the
beach and socializing with
underneath umbrellas.
Some people are fishing. There
is a a walkway into the water,
kind of like a pier.
Someone sitting down at the end
of the pier fishing. Some kids
are building sandcastles. There
looks to be a building adjacent,
whether that's going to be a
clubhouse or a hotel. People are
walking in and out. There's a
large flagpole with a flag that
is colored red, yellow and
green. Not sure which country
that is.
There's also people windsurfing,
there is some sort of team
skiing event and they've built a
pyramid with all of the team
members.
And there is some boating and
some parasailing, some
sailboats.
There are beautiful mountains in
the background with snow tipped
snow covered on the tips.
They looks like there's some
sort of castle esque kind of
design and architecture of
another building that's adjacent
right on the water. Maybe that's
a hotel or home.
Lots and lots of people,
probably, you know more than 100
people that are in this scene.
But everybody looks joyful and
playful and looks to be enjoying
the the water and the sports
around the area. There are a lot
of large rocks adjacent to the
beach, so you have a sand beach
on the bottom side of the
picture and there are round
rocks on both sides that about
the beach.
Area and people are playing on
those as well and maybe jumping
into the water.
There is a group of three
individuals on a jet ski.
And looks like they're trying to
splash a big group of people
that are on a floating dock that
are just hanging out or jumping
in and out of the water.
There is a dog.
Maybe more than
one dog, but I see one dog that
is that is having a great time.
In the scene there is a girl
doing gymnastics or 2 girls, 3
girls doing gymnastics or yoga
up by the clubhouse right on the
beach. There's some cyclists
that are that are riding through
the rocks. I assume there's a
path there as well. #END_by_the_lake
How am I doing on time?
You're good here, let me.
Let me see what's next.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene. Let me pull it up.
OK.
Let me go ahead and get started.
You can get started. This is
also just a scene. OK.
#START_waldo_1 so this is the
Waldo scene. It looks like it's
in a city center.
Most of the buildings are two
stories, and I would say that
the main portion of the scene is
in a square. In this particular
instance, it's a triangle with a
large fountain in the middle,
and there are people walking
across the street and on the
sidewalks, and there are cars
driving down the street.
I see multiple cars. There are
two red cars, a green car, a
blue car, a yellow truck.
A purple car and it looks like a
red fire engine coming out of
the fire department.
All of the buildings are about
two stories, but they're all
different colors. So we have a
pink building and a white
building. The Yellow Building,
Green building, a red building.
There are some red rooftops and
green rooftops.
There are windows and within the
building it looks like a lot of
them have shops at the bottom on
the ground floor and I would
imagine that residential units
on the second story.
And it looks like on the bottom
right there's some sort of maybe
courthouse.
And and a window washer is on
that building cleaning those
windows on this on the bottom of
the picture there looks like
there's a little market so
people have stands and maybe
they can't tell what they're
selling plants or fresh fruit.
Lots of people around walking
their dogs and with their
children probably shopping in
the market. There is a larger
building with.
Ladder going up to the rooftop.
It looks like there's some
maintenance or construction
going on, and some workers are
working on that building. So
there's some men on the roof and
some on the ladder.
The ground floors are typically
retail and they have some awning
red and white stripe awnings.
On the ground floor.
It's an active
scene, like like a busy city. #END_waldo_1
OK, let me see what's next.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK.
#START_airport OK, this scene is
at an airport and there are.
OK, five or six
7 large airplanes and one small
airplane. It looks very hectic
and there are a lot of people
waiting in lines within the
airport itself on the bottom of
the of the scene of the photo.
Lots of people are exiting and
entering airplanes on the tarmac
itself and it looks like there's
a fire. A fire hydrant is trying
to put out a fire. There are
broken boxes and luggage strewn
about.
It looked very unorganized and
hectic. You have some people
waiting in line, but really
there are a lot of workers
trying to figure out what's
going on. There are men with
arms up and looking very
concerned. There is a
watchtower.
I don't remember what they
called those, but the watchtower
for airplanes at the airport
that's surrounded by glass and
has all the antennas on top.
There's a blimp in the
background. There's some planes
up in the sky.
It looks like a very busy,
hectic scene at an airport.
There's luggage everywhere. I
see a luggage carousel where
luggage is being returned to
their owners from the airplane.
There is some diesel fuel
trucks.
That are filling up one of the
airplanes. There is a baggage
handler taking luggage out to an
airplane. There's a bus with a
line of people waiting to get on
the bus.
Umm.
There are lots of packages and
big boxes.
That are much larger than
suitcases.
Planes are all different colors.
There's a blue plane, a green
plane, a red plane, a yellow
plane.
And a smaller
orange plane. #END_airport
Yeah.
OK, perfect. Let me.
See what's next.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK, there we go.
Oh, wow.
#START_picture_this So this is a
collage of photos or portraits
of.
People and things and animals.
There's a dog, there is a robot,
there's a bear.
Holding something up to a man
that looks like a cave person, a
cowboy.
They're all small photos, like
from a measurement perspective,
they're they're quite tiny.
There's a caveman in the bottom
right corner without a photo, so
I'm not sure quite what he's
doing. On the scene. There are
pictures of people running.
There is a gentleman a bald
gentleman with with a mustache.
There is a palm tree. I see.
Looks like there's a dinosaur.
Another bear, a pink bear,
another caveman.
There is a photo of a hand that
looks a little.
Scary. I'm not quite sure what
that hand is is doing. Umm,
there is a an image of a fist
holding a fist up. There's some
fish and other.
Man and woman, there's a.
Looks like it's some sort of
there's a man and woman. There
are two people in uniform. Looks
like a baseball uniform, quite
possibly.
There's a cactus, a photo of a
cactus.
Umm.
There's a photo of a of a man
holding multiple plates on his
head.
The big
collage of photos and images
with lots of different colors
and framed photos. #END_picture_this
That efficient
But perfect. Let me see what's
next.
Next is another complex scene
actually.
OK.
#START_exhibit_12 Wow. OK, this
is a very hectic, very crowded
scene. There are probably
hundreds of individuals in this
scene. Looks like it's at a
museum.
Umm.
It's a it looks like a portrait
museum, so you've got lots of
portraits on the wall of
individuals. Looks like all
people.
But there are tons of people
crowded kind of shoulder to
shoulder in some of these
spaces. It's 3 tiered, so
there's a ground floor with some
stairs leading up to a second
story and then stairs leading up
to a third story as well. But
there are portraits covering all
the red walls and all of the
frames are different colors and
majority of the portraits are
people. I do see a flower, I see
a shark.
And they're all in different
shapes, so some of them are
squared, some of them are
arched, some are diamonds of the
frames and the the portraits
themselves. The stairwells are
white and some of the pillars
they hold up. The second story
is white, and the balconies, the
hand rails are white as well,
but the rest of the actual room
is red. The walls I can't quite
see the floor, although the
floor looks white as well.
And there are lots of people
here in this scene.
Wearing all different kind of
attire doesn't even look like
fully.
Casual clothes. Some of them may
have costume on.
Some people are stealing frames.
They're pushing frames down from
the second story to the first
story. Looks like they may be
trying to steal them.
And people are walking larger
frames down the staircases as
well. Some people are holding on
to frames. It looks like a
hectic scene.
And there are a number of people
on a ladder on the left portion
of the scene that I'm not sure
where they're climbing towards,
but there are there's a ladder
on the wall with people hanging
off of them.
You know 10 to 12 people on each
of those two ladders.
There looks like
there's some workers trying to
hang a portrait and one of the
it's in three pieces and the
third piece is upside down. #END_exhibit_12
Is that good?
Hey, let's see what's next.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK.
#START_wild_west OK, this looks
like a scene from an old city.
There is a saloon. There are
multiple saloons, kind of from
the wild Wild West.
And it is very crowded. There
are people everywhere there. I
see a jail building, I see a
hotel, a saloon, a general
store.
Multiple hotels.
Tavern.
Multiple saloons here.
That most of the buildings are
two stories and there are people
everywhere. The road is not the
road. It looks like it's some
sort of dirt.
And some sort of dirt road.
There are people on on balconies
hanging out at the saloon. They
see a bank and it looks like
there's a carriage.
That is right in front of a
train that looks at the train is
about to hit the carriage.
Umm.
People are climbing on the
second story. It looks like
there may be a either a robbery
or a fight breaking out on in
one of the scenes in one of the
saloons.
There are horses.
There's a.
Painting looks like of a horse
drawn carriage, a covered wagon.
There's lots of lots of people.
It's very crowded and hectic,
and there are a lot of cowboy
hats being worn by the men. They
don't see a ton of women out
here, although there are a few.
One I see is that we're in a
long pink dress.
Women have mostly long.
Shirts and long skirts on the
men are in pants and cowboy
hats. All different colors.
At the very colorful scene, each
of the buildings are different
colors.
And their signs are in different
colors as well that are large on
the building itself.
I see a jail
scene and a wanted poster with
two drawings or photos of people
and a sheriff sign next to the
jail. #END_wild_west
Is that good?
Hey, let's see.
OK, next we have our first
story. I'm going to pull up the
directions for that.
OK.
So you are about to look at a
series of pictures that tell a
story.
Imagine you are telling the
story to someone who cannot see
the pictures. Describe what you
see and what is happening as you
go through the story. And so let
me see what the first story is.
OK.
OK, this story is.
8 slides. So after you describe
like the first slide, you could
tell me to move on to the next
slide.
Here and I will share my
screen.
OK.
#START_arrival_4 This looks like
a gentleman getting ready. He is
showering.
First, he is shaving and getting
dressed. He has it looks like a
three piece suit on a black.
And that's that. He's buttoning
under a white collared shirt,
black pants and black shoes.
He's tying his shoes last.
It looks like he has maybe money
or something in his hand that
he's put in his pocket and he
grabs his Black Hat, kind of
like a top hat and pulls out a
map and looks like he is trying
to find his way into a location.
And he is looking at the map on
a street and there is a small
animal, I want to say an
animated animal. It's not an
animal that exists in real life
that is following him on the
street. And this scene looks
like a futuristic city with high
rise highways with cone shaped
buildings with holes in the
middle of them. People are
dressed like they would in the
early 1900s.
But the scene behind them are
are, you know, multiple story
tall bridges with floating looks
like ships in the air, and the
gentleman is is still looking
intently at the map, trying to
find his way.
There are now two animals with
this gentleman that both have
one has cone shaped ears, looks
like almost a bird and the other
has a cone shaped body with you
know, puppy dog ears and a long
curly tail.
The man asks. A woman on the
street looks like he's asking
her direction and she's trying
to show him where to go.
The woman.
It looks like a robot, or some
sort of robot approaches the
woman. It has a dial tone
similar to what an old telephone
would look like. She's dialing
something on the robot stomach
or center of its body and pulls
a lever. When the lever is
pulled, something shoots out of
what looks like a a speaker.
I can't tell what's on the
paper, but the woman takes this
piece of paper and hands it to
the man.
And.
And maybe it looks like a
ticket, because I now see
individuals waving at a flying
ship.
Umm.
That is much, much, much larger
than the individuals themselves.
It reminds me of kind of the
Titanic, the size.
And it looks like the man along
with the animal with the tail
get on the ship, and somebody as
a conductor or some person
working on the ship takes the
ticket.
The man sits down on this ship
or device with this animal
sitting next to him and he looks
like he's speaking to a female
sitting next to him. The female
is holding the other animal with
the cone shaped ears in her lap.
The man seems to be talking to
this woman and pulls out a piece
of paper.
And I'm not sure, but it has a
photo on this piece of paper. It
looks like a young girl.
And he's showing this woman this
photo and she opens it up.
And she's showing another paper
with another photo of a young
girl. I'm not sure if the
gentleman had a young girl or
boy on this photo, but it's a
small photo of a young girl.
This young girl is now in a
different scene is reading a
book and it looks like it's
getting reprimanded for reading
and the book is put away in a.
In a drawer and locked and it's
getting punished. And now the
girl has to go outside and work
with the shovel and in the rain
and then snow, and then the
elements.
And and it's looking like it's
she's putting coal inside of a
fire and working kind of in a in
a coal.
Some sort of fire smokestack
It's still showing this at the
scene with this girl. Looks like
she's working in a large.
Kind of Labor site for young
adults or young children. She
looks scared and unhappy and
sad. She's trying to to get out
and escape, but she goes in to
get her book to make sure she
can bring her book with her and
looks like she's escaping this.
There are multiple.
Smokestacks and multiple
children and or individuals
she's escaping with her book.
And looks like she gets on a
train.
To flee the scene.
The next scene shows this looks
like it's a some sort of Asian
language, the smokestack and
flying ship. There is a flying
ship and there's smokestack on
the flying ship, but it's flying
with billboards in the
background that looks like it's
some sort of Asian language.
The scene shows again the male
and the female on the ship and
some sort of conductor making an
announcement.
They shake hands and manomin
make shake hands goodbye. The
man walks away with the animal
by his side and he is pondering
and looking out into the scene.
The scene is of a very, very
large building of an animal with
some homes and some walkways
surrounding this animal.
Looked very futuristic,
futuristic.
Not kind of our everyday city.
Scene.
The man is walking with the
animal still down the road, it
looks like in this futuristic
city.
He is.
Purchasing something and he
comes across an older.
Gentlemen and older woman with
looks like a fish animal. He's
walking down the street and he's
trying. He opens a book and he's
trying to point to bread.
It looks like he's trying to buy
something, something to eat, and
this animal that's with him is
trying to help him as well.
He's looking through this book,
trying to explain to people what
he may want.
He finds an older gentleman and
a young boy.
And they're trying to sell him
and or give him what looks like
an onion with kind of a tail on
it.
And he keeps pointing to his
book that shows the picture of
of bread. The gentleman looks
like they're inside of the
store. The gentleman in the
store keeps trying to give him
something else that looks like
another vegetable.
The young boy is holding the big
basket with a smile on his face
and that this man and young boy
are smiling and look like
they're friendly.
people trying to help and
understand this man.
They keep pulling different
things out at different food,
different vegetables, different
animals that I've never seen
before. They look like root
vegetables. The boys holding
what looks like a almost like an
acorn but is as large as he is.
He's hugging it there. It looks
like sea animals, a snake, a
fish.
Another onion that they pull out
trying to.
To offer this these foods to
this man that is still wearing
his suit and top hat. He takes a
bite of one of them and looks
curious and they try and feed
the the animal that is with the
man as well.
And give him a basket full of
food.
And they hugged the man, and the
little boy is telling his
father, the store owner, which I
imagine a secret. The man hugs
the other man and gives him a
basket full of food.
And the three of them are now
being shown walking along with
the animal through a scene with
some ships and a big futuristic
kind of castle behind them.
The the little boy is holding
the basket of food with the
animal that's been walking with
the man. He motions for the the
man to come over. He comes over
and something comes out of this
kind of clay looking pot. It
looks like an animal with a big
tail is hanging out.
Looks like the shop owner is is
calming. Demand the hat and suit
down and they and all of a
sudden this animal that looks
like a a cat slash owl comes out
of the clay pot. The little boys
holding this animal and smiling
and hugging it and introducing
it to the man with the hat. The
father and the the two is
pointing and laughing and
smiling as the two animals the
cat looking one and the other
animal.
With the manner our meeting and
look like, they start playing.
The man the both
of the men are speaking and look
like they're discussing
something in more detail. The
man with the hat starts drawing
a home and a pathway and a
roadway. Maybe he's trying to
get home and trying to explain
to the shop owner. The shop
owner seems confused that he
doesn't know what he's saying
and almost there's a scene that
shows his eyes are almost full
of fire or fear. #END_arrival_4
Very interesting choice.
Yes, let's see.
OK, Next is a complex scene.
Are we?
So this one's just a scene.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo OK,
so this scene is located at the
zoo and it looks like there are
lots of people and lots of
animals. Some animals are behind
gates and glass and some animals
look like they're trying to
escape. We have a rhino that is
running through the crowd.
People look fearful and are are
scrambling and running away from
him. He looks quite happy though
as he feels free and there are
multiple lions and lion Cubs
that are looking down at the
people and some kids are
jumping.
Over the glass railing of
protection into the lion, nest
or den.
The Lions look very content and
are happy to see children, maybe
hungry. There is a hippo in some
water. There are pink flamingos.
There are multiple zebras and
birds and their habitat. There
are giraffes and antelope and
one scene.
That looks very content, and
there's an ice cream shop where
people can get ice cream.
It looks like there are probably
four or five animal areas. The
4th one that I've not mentioned
is the polar bear. Multiple
layers with polar bears.
And in the top left corner of
the scene, there is an elephant
in the top of the scene with
trees surrounding. There's
animals climbing the trees.
There's a little play area with
looks like there is ice and
water. I don't see any animals
in that area in the center, but
there are Rangers with net
trying to catch animals. And
there is a cafe and a shop in
the back of the scene. There are
people everywhere, some it looks
hectic.
Some look excited to see the
animals and some look.
Bored just standing there, but
it's a hectic scene and lots of
lots of people and children
around.
there some gorillas as well. #END_escape_from_the_zoo
OK.
If you want to take a 3-4 minute
break, we can do so now. It's up
to you. If you don't mind, yeah,
OK.
Way back in the second.
{Next, we have a story.
I'll share my.
Screen.
OK.
So, same thing as before, let
me know when you'd like me to
flip the pages. OK, I said.
#START_flowerman This is the
scene from a sketch of a city,
and it looks dark and grim. The
sky is like a dark purple. All
the buildings are black and
Gray.
It looks like a car is falling
into a ravine. There was a
bridge with light poles and
there was an individual walking
across the bridge with an maybe
an amp dog or an animal by its
side.
Umm.
That smokestacks in the
background there is a tree with
no leaves. It looks like a kind
of a a scary scene and certainly
not full of life.
There's a gas station and a bar,
an old what looks like an old
carnival tent, and a carousel
that looks like it may be out of
order.
There's a large ravine in front
of the city, in front of the
building, and go ahead and flip
the page.
Uh, this individual that was
walking across the.
Bridge is walking through the
city now it looks like again,
it's still a dark scene. It's at
night time, maybe at sunset. The
the street lamps are on. It
looks like cobble streets. There
are multiple buildings with
residential units that people
are living on. The second and
third stories. There's not a lot
of people around, although there
are. There are some people
walking the streets. There's
someone on a balcony. There are
some families or individuals you
can see inside of their homes.
There is a.
What would have been a fountain
in the center of the square of
the city. But there is no water
in the fountain. Again, it looks
like a dark and a dark sad
scene.
This gentleman is wearing that
is walking still is wearing a
like a tan coat and a blue hat
and he's walking through the
city again. It looks like a lot
of the windows are open and
people are in their homes living
their lives.
All of the homes are two to
three stories, and they have
windows or shutters that are
open to the elements. And there
are some people standing on the
street, some people sitting near
the fountains, but the fountains
don't have any water.
The street lights are the only
things that are on. Everything
else seems dim and dark.
The gentleman is walking to what
looks like the only small little
house in this game there are.
8 tall buildings, two to three
stories that look like they're
all residential buildings, but
there is one small house that is
a single story with a single
door that he's standing outside
of the entrance with a little
picket fence and some.
Someone looks like it's dying
landscaping and there is a for
sale sign in the front yard of
this little house.
The next scene looks very
similar to the previous scene,
although this little house is
now in color where everything
else is still in black and
white. It looks like it's more
daytime, there's more people
walking around. There's a
gentleman with a broken leg.
There's a that is riding a
wheelchair down the road.
There's a gentleman on a scooter
bike. There is a woman walking.
There are children playing.
Looks like one of the little
children are a number of the
children are going to school
with the backpack on
There are still people in their
homes and you can see that
they're living their lives.
There's a mother and a child and
a daughter.
Walking down the street there
are multiple people walking and
or standing outside the
building.
That gentleman looks like he has
now purchased a home. He's
mowing the lawn. The grass is
green. He's replacing the
shutters. There's a purple
rooftop now and the tree looks
to have some color. It looks
like he's doing some
improvements to the house.
Has a little stone walkway and a
fence still around this little
home. Single story home.
The next scene is very similar.
He continues to work on the
House. The house is the only
thing in color. Everything else
is still in black and white.
There are less people on the
road right now, but there is
still someone riding the scooter
and someone some children around
the fountain there looks like a
gentleman walking with one. It
looks like an ice cream cooler.
There is a milkman delivering.
There's a painter sitting on a
stoop nearby. Everything is
still black and white. The
gentleman is home is in color.
Same purple roof, blue shutters,
green grass and an orange and
red tree in the backyard.
There is more color to the scene
now. Same scene, but there's
more color and aliveness.
The home to the two-story
residential home now is showing
red shutters and some light and
color and the people's homes.
People are a little bit more
active. There's the people are
now the individuals and they're
humans. They're now colored.
There are kids playing in the
street outside of the of this
gentlemen's home.
There are people sitting in the
gentleman and two gentlemen
sitting in the fountain.
Umm.
Movers and shakers truck out
front of the building next door
to this gentlemen's house. It
looks like somebody is either
moving in or moving out.
You can still see activities
through all of the windows and
or shutters in the homes and the
residential homes.
But there is more color to the
scene, more activity to the
scene, as some of the buildings
now are showing colors to their
facade and the brick and the
rooftops as well.
The next picture is the same
scene, but everything is
colored. Now it looks alive
again.
kids are playing sports out in
the road. There's a dog, the
gentleman that was.
Has a broken leg and his
wheelchair is riding by again.
The milkman is out dancing with
somebody in the street.
People are playing their
gentleman playing music outside
of one of the buildings.
Everything is colored in. It's
the the scene looks alive again.
There's a red convertible or red
car that's driving through the
first vehicle. It's seen other
than the milkman.
There's a clown with some
balloons and some ice cream that
they're giving away. There's a
painter on the street.
It looks like a gentleman older
gentleman is playing with the
young girl on the on the steps
of one of the buildings and some
children are are playing and
listening to his speak. There's
now water in the fountain and
there's a little girl frolicking
in the fountain.
The scene is very much alive and
colorful.
Uh, this. The next scene is so
colorful, but it's at night
time, so it's starting to die
down. It's starting to get a
little darker, but there are a
lot of people out on the
streets. There's a little boy
riding a dog. The gentleman with
a broken leg is on wheelchair.
Some kids are playing soccer.
There is more pets and dogs.
There's somebody, it looks like,
selling flowers and roses out on
the street. Some women are out
speaking to each other on the on
the steps.
There is water in the fountain
again and mother and daughter
are are right next to the
fountain, walking and looking.
Older elderly couples walking
down the road as well. The
lights are on on the street.
Umm.
The street lights, the milkman
is still there delivering milk.
All of the windows are open for
all of the homes and the lights
are on and there's activity
happening. There's also people
on top of the roof. This time
there's telescope and older man
and a young girl and another
gentleman. Not sure what he's
doing, but he looks like he's
either dancing or or frolicking
on the rooftop of one of the
buildings as well.
This is a different scene back
towards the beginning. It's a
different viewpoint of this city
that night time. But the
buildings are colored in the
cafe and people are sitting
outside and discussing. Looks
like three or four men are
discussing outside a cafe. The
street lights are on, there's
water in the fountain again.
There's a family out on their
balcony cuddling and hugging
each other. That looks lovely.
There's a couple in a window
that looks like they're dancing.
There's a little girl.
Daydreaming outside of her
window.
The night sky looks like it's
it's probably around sunset.
The gentleman is by himself in
this scene and he looks like he
is.
Looking at another building that
says for sale outside of it.
Umm.
It's still a night scene and
there are people being shown in
their windows, but people are
surprised that this man is
looking to buy. Or maybe he
already purchased the building
or the home. But the neighbors
next door all look have very
surprised faces and open eyes.
But everybody is looking at this
gentleman outside of their
window and wondering what he's
doing.
Looks like he's holding the key
in front of the home that says
for sale.
A little girl is
now holding a flower and she is
lit up and she is colorful. The
scene is still black, but there
is a little girl on the stairs
holding a flower and she looks
very excited and happy. There's
a gentleman in the window
holding another flower that now
he is colored and looks content
and the old man is walking away. #END_flowerman
OK.
Next is a complex scene.
So this one's just a scene.
#START_birthday_party_fun OK, so
describing the scene, it looks
like it's a big birthday party.
It's hectic and crowded. There
are a lot of people and animals.
There are balloons, there is a
mini blow up swimming pool,
there's a blow up castle,
there's kids everywhere running
around. There's parents trying
to fill up water and there's
kids splashing around in the
water scene it looks like and
it's it's in a back garden or
park.
There is a bouncy castle that's
blown up and there are probably
20 kids jumping around and
costume one the Bunny, one the
bat.
Dinosaur climbing in and off of
this bouncy castle.
The the patio or the the park
and or the back kind of yard is
enclosed by a fence and by
bushes.
There's an entrance and exit
into this area. There are the
clown holding balloons. There's
lots of balloons around the area
as well. There's a table, a long
table full of treats and cakes.
Obviously celebrating a
birthday, there's a gentleman
walking out with a large
birthday cake. Kids are in
costume and some of the adults
are in costume as well.
And.
There's a there. It looks like
most people are in costume.
There's a table with gifts and
presents on it near the entrance
that I imagine people are
dropping off when they walk in.
It looks like a handful of kids
are playing tug of war.
With one of those ropes there
are there flags, colorful flags
and lanterns hanging from the
trees, from the tables, and from
the fence.
Their costumes that go anywhere
from Elvis Presley to docks to
sports to football to Ninja.
Caveman superheroes piglets,
pigs looks like there is a
pinata at one of the scenes some
of the kids are trying to open
using a stick.
Kids are playing swords and and
fighters in one of the scenes as
well.
It looks like it's a great
party.
But quite chaotic. #END_birthday_party_fun
OK. Let me see what's next. Is
this what you're looking for?
Yeah, OK.
Next is another complex scene.
OK, there we go.
So same thing.
#START_make_a_splash OK, so this
scene is at a water park. It's a
crowded scene with.
100 people or so. It's at a
water park. There is a big local
pool in the middle and there are
multiple water slides that dump
into the pool. There are lots of
people in the pool just floating
around and playing and swimming.
There are Lily pads in the pool.
They're the water snakes that
people are playing over and
they're a little mushrooms in
the pool that that kids can
climb on. There's a little
floating frog as well, and
people are in inner tubes.
Within the pool itself there are
rainbow slides coming from the
right side, red, orange, yellow,
green, blue and magenta that
multiple kids are fighting down
and landing inside the pool. On
the other side of the scene, on
the left side, there are the
tube water slides and there's a
green 1, yellow one and a red
one.
It looks like there's a floating
river on the the left bottom of
the scene. Everybody's an inner
tube floating down this river.
And some people are laying out
in the grass sunbathing. There
is a lifeguard on duty, multiple
lifeguards. One is sitting in a
chair by the tube slides and and
two that I can see are walking
around by the Floating River.
Um, or the lazy river. There's also a ship,
looks like a pirate ship that is
also in the in the big pool.
There is a large slide that
multiple kids can go down at
once from the ship into the big
pool. Kids are playing on this
ship as well. The tube sites are
on a mountain that have some
palm trees and kids can climb up
to to take the the slide down
into the pool. #END_make_a_splash
And next is another complex
scene.
#START_deep_sea_divers Wow, so
this is a deep sea diving scene.
That 2/3 of the scene is
underwater and 1/3 of the scene
is above water. Above water you
have multiple ships and boats.
There's probably 12 or 14 boats
that are full of of men either
fishing.
All of them are fishing. There
are some and we're seeing
craters or some sort of rock
formations that that people have
been climbing on and are fishing
off of those as well. One of
them looks like they have a
number of mermaid sitting on the
crater.
But the majority of the boats
are all different. Colors are
red and white striped, blue and
white striped, green and white
striped, and most everybody's
fishing from them. Some people
are swimming in the water. It
looks like there's a shark and
some sort of very large bird
with its beak open to swallow a
ship up.
And underneath the scene, under
the water, there are lots of of
sea life and animals. There are
people swimming and scuba
diving, there are mermaids,
there are sharks and fish and
sea turtles.
And.
Very hectic and very busy. It
looks like there's a little a
green sneeze, sea snake, very
large fish and a shark. Lots of
humans are swimming underneath
the water as well, not just the
animals.
But it's very busy. There's a
green octopus on the bottom of
the.
Of the
ocean floor and lots of coral,
red and yellow and green coral.
And as well the scene is very,
very full of people and of the
life. #END_deep_sea_divers
It's let me see what's next.
OK, Next is a short story.
OK.
#START_arrival_3 OK, so this
scene is taking place in what
looks like the early 1900s. By
the attire, there was a young
boy, probably in his early teens
or adolescents, that's holding a
sign, but a different language.
There is another.
Man that's holding what looks
like a cat in his arms on the
street. Another scene is a
gentleman that is pushing around
a 4 wheeled cart with the smoke
stack on it. There's also a what
looks like almost like a lizard
or a dinosaur reptile and a
basket attached to that cart.
A man and a woman are holding
what looks like very large eggs,
you know, 10 pounds plus and
putting them into a wooden box.
Umm.
There is another scene with a
man shaving another man's beard
and a small boy sitting next to
him with some snail type animals
on the ground. One is very large
the size of the boys torso and
the other three snails are much
smaller the size of his foot.
And there there's a man showing
playing some sort of horn
instrument with another playing
the violin, and they're both
looking at the same sheet of
music, with some birds on the
five birds on the ground.
There is a scene of of women
looking like they're reading a
newspaper or reading something
and discussing something with a
large poster with a different
language in the background.
And the man that we discussed
earlier in the scene with the
three piece suit and Black Hat
is now carrying a suitcase and
looks like he is pondering or
looking for something.
Umm.
The man picks up a.
Either a stopwatch or a compass
and is looking for something. He
looks at it. What would be their
clock or something on a tall
tower for direction. He is
walking down the road within the
scene itself and all of a sudden
it looks like snow is coming out
of the sky, but there are light.
They are lit, so he is curious
to see what that is. His hat
blows off.
He goes to pick up his hat and
and notices some arrows. He is
inquisitive. To understand what
these arrows mean, he opens a
book that looks in a different
language.
A gentleman with another
gentleman walks by with a almost
like a turban on his hat on his
head with a white.
Shirt and white pants and he's
talking to the man back and
forth. The man is trying to show
him the picture of a bed and the
gentleman with the turban says
the point his finger like he's
saying aha and start showing him
the way and the man is now
following him.
And then he
ended. The Black cat is
following him, and there is the
gentleman in the white outfit is
now carrying some sort of animal
on his back. #END_arrival_3
Such an interesting story to
choose. Yeah, they some of them
are quite.
Strange. Ohh next is actually
another story.
Yeah, OK.
OK, so this one's another
story.
This is so strange. OK.
#START_wanderer A gentleman
that's wearing some sort of
costume with a horn on his head
is trying to fold a very large
paper that.
The man looks very tall so he's
probably 6 foot. The paper is
probably 10 feet by 20 feet and
there is another boy and or man
in a striped shirt and jeans. He
is not in costume that is trying
to help him fold this paper into
what looks like a boat for his
ship.
The next scene is actually a
boat or a ship, but it looks
like a.
Pirates boat almost, but it has
a building on. It looks like a
brick building and it has almost
a submarine type
Bulb, and that's connected to
the bottom of this ship. It
doesn't.
Maybe in the water, but there's
no color. It's this. This is
only showing in black and white.
The next scene it looks like the
paper ship is now sailing in the
ocean. Very vast ocean with no
other boats and there is a large
white Pelican or some sort of
bird that is flying with a small
family of 246810 birds behind
him or underneath him that are
all flying across the ocean.
Still black and white, no color.
That white paper ship is sailing
in the ocean and it looks like
some sea turtles and a couple of
birds have found it or trying to
either explore and or climb up
on the boat if they can.
And the boat continues. By
itself, it doesn't look like
anybody's on board. And as it's
sailing down the ocean there is
a large black.
Object with which looks like
some sort of sea animal with a
fin sticking straight up that is
probably 20 times 30 times the
size of the boat.
That animal that came up with a
whale, now the boat is floating
on the whales fin and the whale
is under the water and the boat
is now sitting above the water
resting on the whale fin. It's
showing sea life underneath the
water with coral reef and fish
and and animals and lots of
schools of fish floating around
and living under the water.
The next scene is of under the
water as well with lots of fish.
Everything is black and white.
You've got coral reef striped
fish.
Seaweed, larger fish, baby fish,
schools of fish, all floating
under the water.
The majority of the scene is 90%
of the scene is underwater and
the the boat seems to be
floating on the top of the water
again.
The whale is now gone.
Um.
The boat, the paper boat is
still floating above the water.
There are two fish under the
sea. Would that look like they
have fish heads but normal
bodies I see a hand that are
kissing under the ocean, lots of
coral and fish and schools with
fish as well. The second scene
is showing similar human body
and hand.
But a fish head and then there's
now a fishing pole hanging off
of the paper, the paper boat,
and it looks like it is caught a
fish under the water.
The the paper boat is still
floating on top of the water and
there is coral reef underneath
and fish functioning. It looks
like 1 fish has come out of the
water.
And another seahorse is sitting
on top of that fish that is
looking into the paper boat. The
seahorse looks to have gone into
the paper boat and is now riding
on the boat. And there is some
sea life. It looks like a sea
snake that is now climbed its
way from the bottom of the ocean
floor up into the paper boat as
well.
The scene now shows above the
water, so you're not seeing
anything under the water. It
shows the boat sailing on the
water and it shows a very large,
almost looks like coral, but
some sort of tree like coral.
Above the water there are
Pelicans.
Um, resting and or sitting on
this coral, the Pelicans.
They're probably 30 or 40 of the
pelic white Pelicans. It looks
like either eating and or
arresting on this coral that is
very, very tall.
The next scene shows the boat
floating down the water
underneath it you can see sea
life fish, coral reef and some
of this coral and or sea life
have are are based on the ocean
floor or the waters floor and
come above the water where the
birds are nesting and or resting
within the trees that they have
that they have grown. So the
scene is.
Split half underwater and half
above water.
The seahorse is now riding in
the boat that is going through
what looks like a almost cave
like experience because of the.
The plants have overgrown and
kind of connected and created a
cave, but it looks like there
are some animals that are living
in here and their eyes are
glowing. They look like large
sea horse, at least their faces
do, but we can't see their body.
They're hidden under the plant
like substances and they're also
some birds in the trees viewing
the the floating boat and the
seahorse.
The next scene shows.
The boat floating through again,
the same sort of plant like tree
canopy. Underneath the water you
can see another seahorse with
arms.
That looks to be doing
something. I can't see exactly
what they're doing, but he's
he's riding a lobster. There's
also see coral and sea life and
fish floating around and
swimming around as well. The
seahorse in the next scene looks
to jump off of the boat as he
sees some similar seahorse
friends.
In the water.
The next scene shows a massive
whale where the whale top 10% of
its body and its head is outside
of the water and it looks like a
number of birds are landing and
resting on his head but the
remainder of his body is under
the water. He is a white belly
and a black head and a black
back and black tail.
The next scene shows a different
type of the animal that looks
kind of like a seahorse, but
with a more rounded whale.
Head with arms and four legs,
and is standing on a number of
sinking ships. Looks like and
this particular animal has.
What looks like kind of coral as
a as a tail in the back of its
body.
The next scene is showing a
bunch of animals. It's sunset
and it's showing animals above
the water.
Um.
They some of these animals have
arms and legs. It looks like
there's a zebra, it looks like
there's a a cheetah and there's
a snake that's that's running
across the the sunset on the
water.
It looks like there's an
alligator.
There's some birds in the air
and and the moon has some.
Flowers or some sort of
something growing out of it.
There's an elephant with.
A tail, a fin. It's a kind of a
mixture of multiple animals.
Land and sea that have been
combined.
And the black cat is jumping
into the paper boat.
This is a night scene Now under
the water you can see a number
of dark fish with their eyes lit
up at night. It's a starry sky.
There is a Crescent moon in the
background. You can see kind of
stars and planets in the
universe and a night dark sky.
And the paper boat is floating
on top.
And that scene shows the paper
boat floating, but it's
surrounded by all of the fish,
and the fish have circled up
multiple layers of circles
around the boat. There are
probably.
100 maybe? Or 80 fish in the
scene that are all staring and
circling this paper boat.
The next scene is the boat, the
paper boat floating and some of
the fish have still followed,
but it's a night sky. 90% or 80%
of the scene is is the sky and
the bottom, the bottom portion
is just the the water. The sky
looks like there is some sort of
curtain that is shimmering with
lights that have have created a
design in the sky.
That, yeah, it looks like a
curtain almost in circular
motion.
The boat keeps floating down the
the water and comes against a
what looks like a iceberg or
some sort of strong structure
that stands out of the water. It
has a flat top, however, but
it's quite tall and 10 or 12
times the size of the the little
boat and the water floating.
The boat keeps floating and
keeps going across some
structures that have formed
outside and on top of the water.
And there are archways that the
boat is floating through. One
looks like there are some trees
with snow on top of it, and it
looks like there's some ice caps
that the boat is navigating
through.
And under some archways.
The the paper boat continues to
keep floating, and it looks like
it's floating across some
additional icebergs that almost
look like.
Like feet.
And.
The next scene.
It looks like someone that was
scuba diving has now come out of
the water and brought a number
of.
Lights with them it and there is
light shining on the boat and
lifted the boat off of the
water.
Looks like a human esque person.
And the boat is now continuing
to go down. You can see the
light of the scuba diver out of
the water, but now it is
floating near massive ship.
And and the ships have have
large anchors and birds flying
across. It reminds me of the
Titanic kind of a tanker ship. I
don't see any humans in this or
any people in this scene, just
ships and smokestacks coming out
of those ships.
The next scene is of.
A major oil or smokestack rig
out of the water. The boat is
floating and there looks like
all of these animals and or
birds are dying and they're all
falling from the sky into the
water.
And you can see some fish that
are dead as well and they're
polluting the water.
This the smokestack or structure
is standing with pylon outside
of the water with.
I would imagine concrete pylons,
and there are six or seven
smokestacks on the structure
itself.
Polluting the air.
Now, from the boat itself, there
are.
Humans are somebody is shooting
down at the water with some
either guns or sharp objects.
Umm.
That that came and put a hole in
the paper boat.
The person that was scuba
diving.
And it's coming to save or jump
on to that boat as he's getting
attacked, he seems to have
gotten.
On top of a rocket somehow or
some sort of ship, but it's now
that ship has been hit so he
looks like he's about to jump
into this boat that has a life
saving device in it as well.
Raft.
Inner tube, whatever it's
called.
And this individual is now
trying to get on as the waters
become choppy, trying to get on
to this paper boat.
And.
It's swimming towards it.
The next scene shows what would
look like a ship, but it's
really kind of a shell, like a
seashell large seashell with.
The initial scene of the man
with some sort of Cape and
costume, black costume on with
horns on his head, with some
animals on the boat as well.
Everybody a horse and some sort
of animal horse like with
antlers all looking at the paper
boats heading that direction
with a kite behind.
This is so strange.
And the the the gentleman and
the costume and the Black Cape
and Horns has now picked up the
boat and turned it into a paper
airplane, and there the kite has
burned or opened up, and so
there are.
People or kids on the kite
hanging on. They're still animal
on this ship. Slash seashell and
they're heading towards a
massive wave. The seas are now
incredibly rocky.
The next scene shows the boat
floating a huge storm that is in
coming in. The waters are choppy
but are flat and there is a
light at large lightning bolt
that that strikes the water. And
the next scene is the the boat
looks like it's a paper airplane
flying on top of the water not
touching the water.
The paper boat is back in the
water and is now going through
what looks like a water snake.
Multiple water snakes or one
water snake that is in and out
of the water and is going
underneath the little archways
that the snake is.
Is.
Creating and the snake is now
picked up the paper boat with
it.
Mouth.
The paper boat is now floating
through the water snake.
And the water thing just looks
to be looking at the boat as
it's floating away.
The boat now comes across looks
like similar whale dolphin type
Unicorn whales that are snouting
water into the boat which is
filling the boat up with water.
And it looks like it's heading
towards a beach where there's
another animal, but with two
legs that is standing on the
beach and lots of garbage.
Sitting on the beach that has
been washed ashore.
The next scene is Jellyfish,
which means the boat is likely
under the water, but there are
multiple jellyfish that it is
swimming with. Both of these
seem they're covered.
Lots and lots of jellyfish.
The paper bowl is underwater,
currently next to a school of
fish. The water is dark. There
are multiple.
Sea life and the the paper fish
or paper boat just seems to be
kind of floating underneath the
water.
{I have no idea what's going on
in the scene.}
There are some animals climbing
aboard and they look like
centipedes almost climbing
aboard the paper ship that is at
the bottom looks like at the
bottom of the ocean and there is
a submarine figure that looks
like it is either floating and a
C snake that is observing this
submarine that's floating and or
sinking in the water.
The set this next scene is this
shows that submarine is half
floating, half stinking with
their the nose above water. The
paper boat is sitting on top of
the nose and is draining the
water that it had consumed.
There is another.
Ship that is half ship and half
octopus.
They're half animal. The ship
side of it is above the water
and the animal side is under the
water with tentacles and it
looks like an octopus as the.
Other portion of the of the
ship.
The paper ships have paper bow
is now above water, some sea
lions are playing with it and
balancing on their nose and
they're the number of a family
or at school of of these animals
or some sort of sea seals that
are playing with this.
Paper boat under the water.
And kind of shows the rest of
the scene.
With sea life and and plants
underneath the water.
This scene shows a paper boat
floating on top and just shows
some jellyfish, some fish, some
sea life underneath the water
and there's also a scuba diver,
looks like that is holding a
yellow or a round.
Balls. Some sort of round object
that is almost looks like it's
lit up.
Along the floor of the water.
Oh, it looks like it's a Pearl.
He's I think he's opened to a
Pearl and found a Pearl.
Uh, the
A scuba diver is now above water
riding some sort of animal.
On top of the ladder by
Lighthouse floating lighthouse
and the paper boat is floating
alongside the scene. There are
some animals climbing this
little lighthouse or this little
warning.
Light floating, floating light,
and they're heading to a larger
lighthouse that is on a
structure that is one large and
a second figure next to it. Some
striped building with some
windows on the side.
In some boats and some ships in
the background.
The next scene is shown. This
paper boat is floating. It's a
bridge. A bridge to some sort
of.
Events they I have no idea. This
bridges is not connected to. I
can't see what's on either side.
It's a big round structure. It
looks like almost scaffolding
that is connected to the bottom
of the water and sits above the
water. There are ships in the
scene and through this space
event space, some sort of active
space. There is a bridge that
looks like it's going somewhere,
maybe to land, but we don't see
the land in the background.
There are a number of ships in
the scene.
As well as the floating paper
boat.
The paper boat is.
Next to a very, very large
tanker.
And it is floating on top of the
water, along with another
smaller ship in sailboat.
There's also a submarine under
the water itself, and now you
can see land or some structures
in the background behind the
tanker.
There is a very large whale that
has come out of the water.
People are standing on the ship
and are waving, looking out onto
the water.
These tankers are huge. The
whale is very very large and it
looks like it's got some sort of
light or water structure and
scuba gear that it's wearing as
well. But it also has looks like
it has arms and.
And legs.
The paper boat continues to sit
above the water and now it's
showing more of a land scene.
Looks very industrialized with
smokestacks and cranes that are
moving.
Containers.
In the foreground there is a
little mini boat that is waving
to somebody on land. Looks like
potentially bringing goods then
maybe something similar to a
port.
And the next scene, it looks
like it's taking a almost
seahorse looking structure out
of the water, but it doesn't
look like it really animal. It
looks like people can actually
sit inside and maybe go
underneath the water to observe
what's going on. It still looks
like an industrial area. More of
the crane is lifting this
seahorse structure in and out of
the water.
This boat, ship and Crane has
now captured the whale.
The paper boat is floating
nearby the structure, but the
whale is now.
Captured in a massive and large
net off of a crane.
There are some sort of flag on
this boat too I can't quite see.
It looks like it's got a fish or
some sort of sea animal on the
flag.
Umm.
There is a building.
On land with the water.
Oh, it's the ship. The ship has
structure. It looks like brick
structure. It says exploration
on the side of it.
Um, it's showing the scene of
the paper boat in front of this
ship. But this is more, it looks
more like a building, but it's
got kind of the.
The ship side of it on the
backside looks more like a
normal ship.
This scene is now showing more
of a city but looks like water
and or river that's running
through it and.
There is a lighthouse and some
buildings, more of a large city
and this boat.
Paper boat is floating through
the the river through the middle
of the city.
The boat continues to travel
through the river that their
arches archways with windows
multiple across that goes over
the river.
The boat is floating through. It
has sea life in the river, in
the water, and it also has a
horse and the gentleman that was
man that was wearing the Cape
and the horns. There's a cat,
there is a what looks like a
Joker. There's a scuba diver all
walking up from the river up the
stairs towards the Main Street
The boat continues to to float
down the river.
The night sky with stars in the
background. It's going
underneath a bridge with fish
popping out looking at it as
well as it's adjacent to the
submarine
That's half in the water and
half out.
The paper boat continues to
travel down and through the
water and looks there's a small
little structure home in the
distance with a light shining
over it.
And the paper boat is floating.
Now there's a ghost, there's
some sort of structure that or
person that is appearing on the
boat.
And the boat
Takes this person
and or ghost to somewhere that
looks like stairs and the human
and or figure starts walking up
the stairs. #END_wanderer
Interesting.
Yes.
Can I ask how?
I'm just curious how that has
any.
That is a very difficult scenes
to even follow. How can anyone
with aphasia do that? So we're
seeing like how?
Like we're seeing how people
describe them and if we have to
like make any modifications. So
we're just like going through
all that. So we're just seeing
how like these work for the.
For our study, and then like
seeing what we'd have to modify
and if we'd have to make things
longer, shorter, modify the
pictures, if things have to be
zoomed in more, stuff like that.
So I just.